you don't get nicer in LA
fuck is you just um um I don't know how
that didn't do you any damage I don't
that didn't I heard it I thought that
was late lending perfectly by your feet
Shh all right this way oh no we want to
go in here isn't there is another
shotgun round here in a minute oh my
fucking girls come here there we go hey
times to shoot that that was a few that
was a few that was yeah I got the angle
this time a bitch I'm telling you gonna
shoot them down or can you sure why I
think you've got you've got to shoot
something better get the key there any
allergies portkey now then no are we
gonna kill them all or are we gonna run
this want to kill we don't know but yeah
if you kill one you get em Oh don't ya
there is that all that is true that is
true I don't be old stone there
right well yeah I'm fucking out that's a
big big dude behind you but also driving
around cheese
oh you're on the floor their own yet
some I on the floor now all I need is a
machine I could just do I Lemke
generally I Toby you either hows about
that jewel back oh oh you see figure it
he has about as well help that was I
shocked you with the stopper on that
Lewis still grabs me
beat you down here getting a beatdown
I'm Wendell over i think both out I'm
every wrong way that's a as that's not
gonna bode well for the next Friday it's
not our we need the key for this bit for
here don't we yep you psyche
I missed on I missed I like a on drop
some fucking ammo for me bastard
what's around there
do you respect us a machine gun I'm on
it yeah yeah I've got machine gun I've
got machine gun you don't never do some
hand am i hiding over here chanson you
want something warm on time to go ah
where is it where I can about them in
there you are are you in a Dutch shit
I've got it haha
Alfred you picked it up he then we may
be surrounded by his own meals and why
view wow you smarter than your teeth oh
did I hit you then that was completely
back to me she's like oh this is a big
dude in there's no I'll do like when she
fought me Oh she'll jump to the board I
said fucking dude behind me here as
Susan brushed me I'm gonna die will do
I'm gonna die where are you on the he's
a healing thing I'm in the war always
come shovel
all right stay there stay there
sure okay where you come from
ah that isn't clever using night or is
it I said I just as well I quit this
thing cuz otherwise them we're being
efficient more trouble all I've got some
handgun bullets do now then that's
awesome coffee beans just knife to some
coffee be tough fuck someone's got
gospel top of the store what's that mean
now Oh with some rocket launcher guy
isn't it is he actually gonna wear I
wonder if this would be a good time for
me to leave the computer and then go and
get me cookies in the middle of a fight
oh what a headshot why don't need to
waste me I'm on them I was one of them
fucking flying bats I find it difficult
to see by the laser fix+ do them do them
things blow up which shot a guy oh he's
not fucking dead oh I do ball four in
parks let's try to climb that ladder
then that explosion knocked me off said
I oh haha I got it before you settle
discipline ok
it still some herbs just kidding it's
like I got home we should clean case
when I need them I'm running round in
circles in
oh fuck missed
kick in
ah I'm out of ammo barber I've gotta
move for this one I've fucking bastard
going from brand new it's adam are you
sad I'm strenuous impregnate me but you
know for sure fucking use blew through
did you just fucking wanker fucking
wanker look in 10 what have we got here
a sniper rifle must be hounded and some
sniper rifle ammo is this the better
Fink is my not be no I don't think it is